the new generation of porsche cayman
based on the new boxster of
porsche
we test the cayman s the medium
engine variant stalks more and more
from the shadow of the great brother of
Porsche 911 with 239 kw he is out
equipped and ready to turn every turn
master
also the most persistent fan of porsche
911 will have to admit that now
the middle engine design at boxster and
cayman quite your benefits has
handling is much more agile and so on
You can get around the curves very fast and
also has the whole time
really fun
the shape of the cayman ensures
admiring looks he is wider
dynamic and crouched body
always acts as if ready to jump up to
The cayman s slimmed down 30 kilograms
the wheelbase is around six inches
which has grown more space in the interior
but means especially in the border area
a better control of the car for the
driver offers
b
the sports exhaust with flaps technology
are totally great feature works
here in which I press this button
then it gets louder, but above all
in the interior you do not notice it outside
so much because of course the legal
regulations do not allow that
as a result you have to deal with his
Neighbors do not entertain so well anymore
So I do not know if you can do that
everything inside really needs everything
sporty and comfortable
the sports seats are the one and
get out of the train more difficult than
facilitate
The rising center console ensures
short distances of the hand from the steering wheel to
rocker and back the individual
Control elements are clear
disposed
all keys and functions of the
Onboard computers are intuitively accessible
from the tight space of the cayman have
the stuttgarter with 4 125 liters
stowage volume the best
These then spread to 150 in front
and back to 275 liters
what really makes sense in my view
after is the pdk
because there is not only one gang
more than with the handset namely
seven instead of six, but still
a sail function at the
glide on the highway to
for example, the engine from the drive train
uncoupled and thus saves fuel
It's good that's because of the manufacturer
stated value of 8,0 liters per 100
kilometer is also standard
auto start stop not easy
to reach
with sport chrono package sprinting here in
4 7 seconds from zero to 100 km h one
time which is also some 900 yellow fan
lets sit up
I am quite pleased with the
equipment even if you have a lot of it
actually does not need but this
color here
this this money i dont know what that
for a father and his son are
I would somehow have to be personally
von apparaten is of course also
a matter of taste
on all those whom the icon g9
or too expensive is waiting with the cayman
a real alternative
the cayman s tested by us costs
just like 69,000 euros in germany
over 20,000 less than the base 911
Of course, that's not all
the question I need a cayman
s or a normal one would be enough now
ultimately, the ego has to decide
the normal would probably come in the
most of them are probably his own
ego can resist